the second book of Samuel now it came to
the second book of Samuel now it came to pass after the death of Saul when David
pass after the death of Saul when David
pass after the death of Saul when David had returned from the slaughter of the
had returned from the slaughter of the
had returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites and David had stayed two days
Amalekites and David had stayed two days
Amalekites and David had stayed two days in Ziklag on the third day behold it
in Ziklag on the third day behold it
in Ziklag on the third day behold it happened that a man came from Saul's
happened that a man came from Saul's
happened that a man came from Saul's camp with his clothes torn and dust on
camp with his clothes torn and dust on
camp with his clothes torn and dust on his head so it was when he came to David
his head so it was when he came to David
his head so it was when he came to David but he fell to the ground and prostrated
but he fell to the ground and prostrated
but he fell to the ground and prostrated himself and David said to him where have
himself and David said to him where have
himself and David said to him where have you come from
you come from
you come from I have escaped from the camp of Israel
I have escaped from the camp of Israel
I have escaped from the camp of Israel how did the matter go please tell me the
how did the matter go please tell me the
how did the matter go please tell me the people have fled from the battle many of
people have fled from the battle many of
people have fled from the battle many of the people have fallen and dead
the people have fallen and dead
the people have fallen and dead Saul and Jonathan asana are dead also
Saul and Jonathan asana are dead also
Saul and Jonathan asana are dead also how do you know that Saul and Jonathan
how do you know that Saul and Jonathan
how do you know that Saul and Jonathan his son are dead as I happened by chance
his son are dead as I happened by chance
his son are dead as I happened by chance to be on mount cavora
to be on mount cavora
to be on mount cavora there was saw leaning on his spear and
there was saw leaning on his spear and
there was saw leaning on his spear and indeed the chariots and horsemen
indeed the chariots and horsemen
indeed the chariots and horsemen followed hard after him now when he
followed hard after him now when he
followed hard after him now when he looked behind him he saw me and called
looked behind him he saw me and called
looked behind him he saw me and called to me and I answered Here I am and he
to me and I answered Here I am and he
to me and I answered Here I am and he said to me who are you
said to me who are you
said to me who are you so I answered him I am animalic aiight
so I answered him I am animalic aiight
so I answered him I am animalic aiight he said to me again please stand over me
he said to me again please stand over me
he said to me again please stand over me and kill me for anguish has come upon me
and kill me for anguish has come upon me
and kill me for anguish has come upon me but my life still remains in me so I
but my life still remains in me so I
but my life still remains in me so I stood over him and killed him because I
stood over him and killed him because I
stood over him and killed him because I was sure that he could not live after he
was sure that he could not live after he
was sure that he could not live after he had fallen and and I took the crown that
had fallen and and I took the crown that
had fallen and and I took the crown that was on his head in the bracelet that was
was on his head in the bracelet that was
was on his head in the bracelet that was on his arm and have brought him here to
on his arm and have brought him here to
on his arm and have brought him here to my lord
my lord
my lord therefore David took hold in his own
therefore David took hold in his own
therefore David took hold in his own clothes and tore them and so did all the
clothes and tore them and so did all the
clothes and tore them and so did all the men who were with him and they mourned
men who were with him and they mourned
men who were with him and they mourned and wept and fasted until evening for
and wept and fasted until evening for
and wept and fasted until evening for Saul and for Jonathan his son for the
Saul and for Jonathan his son for the
Saul and for Jonathan his son for the people of the Lord and for the house of
people of the Lord and for the house of
people of the Lord and for the house of Israel because they had fallen by the
Israel because they had fallen by the
Israel because they had fallen by the sword then David said to the young man
sword then David said to the young man
sword then David said to the young man who told him
I am the son of an alien an Amalekite
I am the son of an alien an Amalekite how was it you were not afraid to put
how was it you were not afraid to put
how was it you were not afraid to put forth your hand to destroy the Lord's
forth your hand to destroy the Lord's
forth your hand to destroy the Lord's anointed then David called one of the
anointed then David called one of the
anointed then David called one of the young men go near an execution and he
young men go near an execution and he
young men go near an execution and he struck him so that he died so David said
struck him so that he died so David said
struck him so that he died so David said to him your blood is on your own head
to him your blood is on your own head
to him your blood is on your own head for your own mouth has testified against
for your own mouth has testified against
for your own mouth has testified against you saying I have killed the Lord's
you saying I have killed the Lord's
you saying I have killed the Lord's anointed then David lamented with this
anointed then David lamented with this
anointed then David lamented with this lamentation over soul and over Jonathan
lamentation over soul and over Jonathan
lamentation over soul and over Jonathan his son and he told them to teach the
his son and he told them to teach the
his son and he told them to teach the children of Judah the song of the bow
children of Judah the song of the bow
children of Judah the song of the bow indeed it is written in the book of
indeed it is written in the book of
indeed it is written in the book of Jasher the beauty of Israel is slain on
Jasher the beauty of Israel is slain on
Jasher the beauty of Israel is slain on your high places how the mighty have
your high places how the mighty have
your high places how the mighty have fallen
fallen
fallen tell it not in gas proclaim it not in
tell it not in gas proclaim it not in
tell it not in gas proclaim it not in the streets of Ashkelon lest the
the streets of Ashkelon lest the
the streets of Ashkelon lest the daughters of the Philistines rejoice
daughters of the Philistines rejoice
daughters of the Philistines rejoice lest the daughters of the uncircumcised
lest the daughters of the uncircumcised
lest the daughters of the uncircumcised triumph Oh mountains of Gilboa let there
triumph Oh mountains of Gilboa let there
triumph Oh mountains of Gilboa let there be no Dew nor rain upon you nor fields
be no Dew nor rain upon you nor fields
be no Dew nor rain upon you nor fields of offerings for the shield of the
of offerings for the shield of the
of offerings for the shield of the mighty is cast away there the shield of
mighty is cast away there the shield of
mighty is cast away there the shield of soul not anointed with oil from the
soul not anointed with oil from the
soul not anointed with oil from the blood of the slain from the fat of the
blood of the slain from the fat of the
blood of the slain from the fat of the mighty the bow of Jonathan did not turn
mighty the bow of Jonathan did not turn
mighty the bow of Jonathan did not turn back and the sword of soul did not
back and the sword of soul did not
back and the sword of soul did not return empty Saul and Jonathan were
return empty Saul and Jonathan were
return empty Saul and Jonathan were beloved and pleasant in their lives and
beloved and pleasant in their lives and
beloved and pleasant in their lives and in their death they were not divided
in their death they were not divided
in their death they were not divided they were swifter than Eagles they were
they were swifter than Eagles they were
they were swifter than Eagles they were stronger than lions o daughters of
stronger than lions o daughters of
stronger than lions o daughters of Israel weep over Saul who clothed you in
Israel weep over Saul who clothed you in
Israel weep over Saul who clothed you in scarlet with luxury who put ornaments of
scarlet with luxury who put ornaments of
scarlet with luxury who put ornaments of gold on your apparel how the mighty have
gold on your apparel how the mighty have
gold on your apparel how the mighty have fallen in the midst of the battle
fallen in the midst of the battle
fallen in the midst of the battle Jonathan was slain in your high places I
Jonathan was slain in your high places I
Jonathan was slain in your high places I am distressed for you my brother
am distressed for you my brother
am distressed for you my brother Jonathan you have been very pleasant to
Jonathan you have been very pleasant to
Jonathan you have been very pleasant to me your love to me was wonderful
me your love to me was wonderful
me your love to me was wonderful surpassing the love of women how the
surpassing the love of women how the
surpassing the love of women how the mighty have fallen and the weapons of
mighty have fallen and the weapons of
mighty have fallen and the weapons of war perished